ubuntu different conf files!

check if new whitelist rule is working for specific IP:
	iptables -nL | grep 000.111.222.333


http://linux.die.net/man/8/iptables

iptables -A CUSTOMER-ALLOWED -s 71.183.17.199 -p tcp -m tcp --dport 22 -m comment --comment "SSH" -j ACCEPT
iptables -A INPUT -s 173.199.116.87 -j ACCEPT

iptables -I INPUT -s 98.222.97.120 -j ACCEPT

	^ chain
	
http://install.choopa.net/iptables

-i, --in-interface name
	  Name of an interface via which a packet was received (only for packets entering the INPUT,  FORWARD  and  PREROUTING
	  chains).   When  the  "!"  argument is used before the interface name, the sense is inverted.  If the interface name
	  ends in a "+", then any interface which begins with this name will match.  If this option is omitted, any  interface
	  name will match.
	  
-j, --jump target
	  This specifies the target of the rule; i.e., what to do if the packet matches it.  The target can be a  user-defined
	  chain  (other  than the one this rule is in), one of the special builtin targets which decide the fate of the packet
	  immediately, or an extension (see EXTENSIONS below).  If this option is omitted in a rule (and -g is not used), then
	  matching the rule will have no effect on the packet's fate, but the counters on the rule will be incremented.
	  
-p, --protocol protocol
	  The  protocol of the rule or of the packet to check.  The specified protocol can be one of tcp, udp,
	  udplite, icmp, esp, ah, sctp or the special keyword "all", or it can be a numeric value,  represent‐
	  ing one of these protocols or a different one.  A protocol name from /etc/protocols is also allowed.
	  A "!" argument before the protocol inverts the test.  The number zero is equivalent  to  all.  "all"
	  will match with all protocols and is taken as default when this option is omitted.

-s, --source address[/mask][,...]
	  Source  specification.  Address can be either a network name, a hostname, a network IP address (with
	  /mask), or a plain IP address. Hostnames will be resolved once only, before the rule is submitted to
	  the  kernel.  Please note that specifying any name to be resolved with a remote query such as DNS is
	  a really bad idea.  The mask can be either a network mask or a plain number, specifying  the  number
	  of  1's at the left side of the network mask.  Thus, a mask of 24 is equivalent to 255.255.255.0.  A
	  "!" argument before the address specification inverts the sense of the address. The flag --src is an
	  alias  for this option.  Multiple addresses can be specified, but this will expand to multiple rules
	  (when adding with -A), or will cause multiple rules to be deleted (with -D).

-m, --match match
	  Specifies  a  match to use, that is, an extension module that tests for a specific property. The set
	  of matches make up the condition under which a target is invoked. Matches  are  evaluated  first  to
	  last  as  specified  on  the  command  line and work in short-circuit fashion, i.e. if one extension
	  yields false, evaluation will stop.
	  
 
	  
